Use KRaft in the Quickstart example (#428)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: _includes/quickstarts/create-commands.md

# Create an Apache Kafka cluster

> Create a new Kafka custom resource to get a small persistent Apache Kafka Cluster with a one node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new Kafka custom resource to get a single node Apache Kafka cluster:
```
